#####Entry 1: 
######Initial idea: Game with robots and zombies that attack from the right to left of the screen. Player is to protect the base on the left of the screen as tons of enemies try to make their way to the base.  Round by round play style with enemies getting more difficult until the final round.
######Final idea: Asteroids remix with futuristic player protecting his home base in the middle of the screen from robots coming from the outside corners and edges of the screen.  Player health set to 5 hits and the base health must be protected by the player while managing his own health.  The base health is regenerative and time based. 3 consecutive hits in a certain amount of time would cause the player to lose or if his health hits zero.  Player wins by beating 5 rounds each harder than the lst based off enemy speed and spawn rate.

#####Entry 2: 
######Lessons Learned: From play testing I realized that making the player look the same direction as the mouse wasn't as simple as I thought it would be. Originally I tried setting the rotation to the mouse's position but instead I had to make the player look at the mouse and apply that rotation to the player.  Also quickly found out that the projectile doesn't automatically instantiate in the same rotation/direction of the player.  So the player and projectile must be made to look at the camera from the player position but for the projectile it is instantiated with the same rotation as the player but then must set it's Rigidbody velocity to the respectful correct direction using Math functions and current mouse position.
######Lessons pt2: Didn't remember how to implement a score and tried to implement in the player script but then realized that the score was effectively being reset everytime and that the score needs to be managed in a separate ScoreScript or in the GameManager Script as I have
######Lessons pt3: Didn't have enough time to implement the time based health for the home base and rounds showing how important it is to play test early to get the basic things working faster because some components are more complicated then other to code into a game. But I do know to do a time based regenerative health I would need to manipulate the health with Time.deltatime being the main variable I'd need.    